# homeless-abm
Homeless-abm is a repository of code for TEAM HOMER, a team created at Complexity Weekend November 2021 (renamed Complexity Adventures in 2022). The agent-based models here explore hypotheses to address the complex, multifaceted, and diverse phenomena of homelessness, or alternatively houselessness. Paraphrasing Article 25 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for health and well-being. This includes access to food, clothing, housing, healthcare, social services, as well as the right to security in case of of a lack of livelihood. Addressing homelessness is consistent with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal #11: make cities and human settlements inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable. 
As an applied complexity community of practice, we aim to use agent-based modeling (among other tools and strategies) as a tool to think with, to explore, and to collaborate on complex challenges.  According to Wilensky and Rand, 
> Agent-based modeling (ABM) is a computational modeling paradigm that enables us to describe how any agent will behave. The methodology of ABM encodes the behavior of individual agents in simple rules so that we can observe the results of these agents' interactions. This technique can be used to model and describe a wide variety of processes, phenomena, and situations, but it is most useful when describing these phenomena as *complex systems*. (An Introduction to Agent-based Modeling, p.22)

Contact TEAM HOMER facilitator, S.H. Bekins, (shrimperrie) for more information on collaboration. Link for information on [Complexity Adventures](https://www.complexityadventures.com. " Complexity Adventures ").
